Updated some files per seo optimizations tips (#744)
telerik/maui-docs: introduction.md

* [Telerik UI for .NET MAUI forum](https://www.telerik.com/forums/maui) is part of the free support you can get from the community and from the Telerik UI for .NET MAUI team on all kinds of general issues and questions you have.
* [Telerik UI for .NET MAUI feedback portal](https://feedback.telerik.com/maui) provides information on the features in discussion and also the planned ones for release.
* For any features that have already been released, visit the [Telerik UI for .NET MAUI Release History](https://www.telerik.com/support/whats-new/maui-ui/release-history) and [What's New](https://www.telerik.com/support/whats-new/maui-ui) pages.
* This official Telerik UI for .NET MAUI documentation is public and available for all users. If you want to share your feedback on a specific article, fill in the **Is this article helpful?** form and tell us more about whether the content was useful for you to successfully achieve what you wanted.

## Learning Resources

* [Official Microsoft .NET MAUI Documentation](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/maui)&mdash; find the solutions, scenarios, and resources you need to get started with .NET MAUI.

> * [Knowledge Base](https://docs.telerik.com/devtools/maui/knowledge-base)&mdash;part of thе Telerik UI .NET MAUI documentation, provides a collection of knowledge base articles describing common use cases we came upon during our everyday work.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [Knowledge Base](https://docs.telerik.com/devtools/maui/knowledge-base)&mdash;As part of the Telerik UI .NET MAUI documentation, the Knowledge Base provides a collection of articles describing common use cases we came upon during our everyday work.
```

> * [Telerik UI for .NET MAUI Product Page](https://www.telerik.com/maui-ui)&mdash;the leading source of information on the Telerik UI for .NET MAUI- provides overview of each component included in the suite, What's New section, Release History, and more.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [Telerik UI for .NET MAUI Product Page](https://www.telerik.com/maui-ui)&mdash;The leading source of information on Telerik UI for .NET MAUI—it provides an overview of each component included in the suite, What's New section, Release History, and more.
```

> * [Telerik UI for .NET MAUI YouTube Channel](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLvmaC-XMqeBZnCAEuEcW9LsUnfQm65B1N)&mdash;our in-depth Surfing in MAUI videos covering a variety of topics, from the why of transitioning to MAUI to DevOps in MAUI and more!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [Telerik UI for .NET MAUI YouTube Channel](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLvmaC-XMqeBZnCAEuEcW9LsUnfQm65B1N)&mdash;Allows you in-depth surfing through the .NET MAUI videos that cover a variety of topics—from the why of transitioning to MAUI to DevOps in MAUI and more!
```
